Pushpin is a beautiful, blazing fast, and feature-packed Pinboard client for iOS. Designed for both power users and newbies alike, Pushpin lets you browse, search, add, edit, and delete bookmarks seamlessly with a gorgeous interface. It also comes with two easy-to-use share extensions to help you quickly add bookmarks from any app.

Pushpin also has a powerful and flexible URL scheme, full support for Pinboard feeds, saved searches, offline reading support, integration with read later services like Instapaper, Readability, and Pocket, and the list goes on. But don't just take our word for it...

~~ Testimonials ~~

"I've said it before and I'll gladly say it again. If you buy only one Pinboard client for iOS, then your best bet would be Pushpin." - Pedro Lobo

"I wished hard enough and it came true: the clean, clear, and stable Pinboard iOS app of my dreams was written and released by someone much smarter than me and you should give them your money" - Jim Jazwiecki

"This is exactly what I want in a Pinboard app" - Alex Payne

~~ Features ~~

‣ Download your recent, unread, or all of your bookmarks for offline reading (including full webpages, with HTML, CSS, & JS).
‣ Search bookmarks at ridiculous speeds across titles, descriptions, URLs, and tags.
‣ Easily navigate to unread, starred, private, untagged, or public bookmarks (or custom feeds, such as unread+starred, of your choosing).
‣ Browse Recent, Network, Popular, Wikipedia, Fandom, and Japanese feeds.
‣ Hide, show, and reorder both personal and community feeds to suit your tastes.
‣ Send links to Pocket, Instapaper, or Readability.
‣ Save your searches and set them as your default feeds when you start up Pushpin.
‣ View tag autocompletions when adding or updating bookmarks.
‣ View and save feeds for specific users and tags, or any combination of the two.
‣ Browse and edit your tags, and view the number of times they've been used.
‣ Add a bookmark by switching to Pushpin with a URL on your clipboard.
‣ Customizable fonts.
‣ VoiceOver support.
‣ Share extensions for quick saving to Pinboard from any app that uses that built-in iOS share sheet.
‣ Built-in iOS Spotlight integration. Search your bookmarks from anywhere.

~~ Native Reader View and Fast In-App Browser ~~

‣ Fully customizable, native reader view (powered by Readability).
‣ Change the font, margin, background color, and line spacing.
‣ Share bookmarks to any app supporting iOS 8 share extensions.

~~ Premium Fonts ~~

New! Enhance your Pushpin reading experience with three beautifully-designed fonts from independent type foundries.

‣ Flex and Brando from Bold Monday.
‣ Lyon from Commercial Type.

~~ Built for Power-Users ~~

‣ Batch editing! Easily add or remove tags, change privacy, or update unread status for multiple bookmarks at a time.
‣ Keyboard shortcuts.
‣ Native integration with 1Password.
‣ Extensive URL scheme for adding bookmarks on the fly, opening URLs with the in-app browser, or viewing feeds for users or tags.

To read more, visit https://lionheartsw.com/software/pushpin/

Two optional, auto-renewing Tip Jar subscriptions are available for $0.49 per month or $4.99 per year (pricing varies by territory). Payments will be charged to your iTunes Account after confirmation. Subscriptions are automatically renewed unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the subscription period. Accounts will be charged for subscription renewals within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. Subscriptions may be managed in your iTunes Account's Settings after purchasing.

Pushpin's privacy policy: https://lionheartsw.com/software/pushpin/privacy.html
